hello today with you again marina
Petrushenko they cook chicken roll in
Multicooker for roll we need 1
a kilo of chicken I took a chicken breast
and meat from thighs and a half teaspoons
sweet paprika
5-6 cloves of garlic quarter teaspoon
black pepper quarter teaspoon
hops suneli seasonings and a teaspoon
meat seasoning also we need 30
gram gelatin food and food film
for cooking directly
chicken roll we need
cut into small pieces but not
very fine so that they are formed
then well over that is something like
here it is such pieces of it enough
for making roll
according to the proportions of the meat I got 600
gram chicken fillet
I am 400 grams of meat from the legs
add finely chopped garlic
it can be cut with a knife or finely
using the press
add spices add two tea
tablespoons of salt with a small slide and right
here add sugar gelatin now
we need to stir it all up
and leave to swell
twenty minutes of water we do not add
we need to completely meat
soaked not only personalized spices
gelatin to roll with us
formed later and did not fall apart
that is, we mix like that
rub in meat as spices and gelatin
leave the chicken for 20 minutes 20
minutes the meat is ready now for us
you need to shift to plastic wrap
this is very tight we put everything on
wrap and wrap in several
just lay out the meat tightly enough
each other
to make it evenly
pack the edges as tightly as possible and
we will wrap several films
again so that we do not get water
inside roll and roll turned us
fairly uniform
then pick up twist
with tight enough we wrapped
roll like that cling film and now
still squeeze it in such a context man
involved that we lay meat
very bad inside the roll is ready now
water inside you will not get roll
we put in the crock-pot and we fill it
all cold water
the roll must be completely covered with water
here I have gone liter 750 close
cover
roll will be cooked on fire mode
type of product bird add time through
hour roll will be fully prepared
passed in an hour roll we are ready now
roll must be taken out and cooled when
room temperature
pack very carefully
Now we have such a roll
it must be cooled at room temperature
temperature at least one and a half hours after
then put into the refrigerator for 3-4 hours and
better all night
Well, my roll lay all night in
the fridge that's how it looks in
cut
I will cut the size I will remove the film so
more convenient
pieces cut into any size
fine though thick
such a mask is such a sausage with us
it turned out such a chicken roll
I got this is the best alternative
sausage roll turned out very tasty
a very fragrant husband walks beside me
swallows saliva waits when it can
to try
so I think the recipe owes you
like it because we are very
like put huskies i will be very
nicely
subscribe to the channel subscribe
join our family channel
VKontakte and classmates
links to all resources you will find in
description under this video enjoyable
appetite and see you soon